0.  How many colors do JPG, PNG, BMP and GIF support
  BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
	GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
	JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
	PNG: 24 bit, 16 million
	
1.  Which of the format support animation
  GIF

2.  Difference between lossy and lossless compression
  Lossless compression preserves all data stored in the original file, while lossy compression
  eliminates some data from the original file in order to compress the file.

3.  Which is lossy compressed
  GIF and JPG

4.  What happens when a file is deleted on a FAT file system
  FAT stands for File Allocation Table; when a file is deleted, the first character of its name 
  is changed to sigma and all pointers to the file are changed to 0.
  
5.  What can be done to ensure that files are really deleted.
  Files are deleted permantely if overwritten or "shredded" using particular methods or software. 

6.  What's stdint.h
  It's a header library that defines fixed-width integer types

7.  What's the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t and uint16_t
  They have the same width in all machines, it may increase portability.

8.  How many bytes is BYTE, DWORD, LONG, WORD
BYTE is 1 byte, DWORD and LONG are 4 bytes and WORD is 2 bytes.

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
  They are 0x42 0x4D and must designate the type of Bitmap file (BM, BA, CI, etc)

10. Difference between bfSize and biSize
bfSize is the size, in bytes, of bitmap file; biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure

11. What if biHeight is negative
If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
  The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of bits that define each pixel
  and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
  fopen will return NULL if the it cannot find a valid output file to write in (e.g. the file does not exist)
  
14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
  Because we want to read one pixel at a time, which is precisely one byte (hence 1 in the code).

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
  If bi.biWidth is 3, padding is 1

16. What does fseek do?
  It sets the file position of the stream to the given offset.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
  This is an integer constant which specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position.



